docs: add CronWorkflow stopStrategy docs (#12696)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/cron-workflows.md

    |            | 2        | 2020-11-02 02:01:00 -0800 PST |
    |            | 3        | 2020-11-03 02:01:00 -0800 PST |

### Stopping a `CronWorkflow`

> v3.6 and after

It is possible to stop the execution of new workflows from a `CronWorkflow` based on the number of previous successes or failures. The spec field `stopStrategy` accepts a `condition` that stops triggering new workflows when it evaluates to true.

Keywords allowed for stopping conditions are `failed` and `succeeded`:

- `failed` - counts the number of workflows that failed to submit or completed in phase `Error` or `Failed`
- `succeeded` - counts the number of workflows that completed in phase `Succeeded`

For example, if you want a workflow to be executed only once you can define the spec as:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  condition: succeeded >= 1

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add the example for failed as well?

Author: done thanks

    |            | 2        | 2020-11-02 02:01:00 -0800 PST |
    |            | 3        | 2020-11-03 02:01:00 -0800 PST |

> ### Stopping a `CronWorkflow`

Author: The cronworkflow is not set as "suspended", it is just removed from the queue and cannot become active again, so I think it is best to be different.

> ### Stopping a `CronWorkflow`

Reviewer 2: Oh word, I misunderstood the feature, you're right, "stop" is the correct wording then.
Huh I would think it would just auto-delete after that so it doesn't take up space in etcd 🤔 (although I can see that keeping it _somewhere_ might be useful for historical/archive/compliance purposes, although you already have the Workflows themselves)

> > v3.6 and after

Reviewer 3: We now have versioned docs so I am not sure if this is needed. @jmeridth and others - any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: We did talk about this in a Contributor Meeting before we even had versioned docs, [in August I think?](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tznN5LB-KrNkC6dmeIzpKfuyvZWgCJpRuS-E84zseC8/edit#heading=h.qogh82i9yij0), but it's not written in the meeting notes/minutes. The [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-statements-about-the-future) says to use notation for future versions.

But more importantly, users assume a feature is usable unless it says otherwise. We've had that before versioned docs (such as [with `deleteDelayDuration`](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/11445) and others) and also after versioned docs -- the markdown title & description feature had [several users](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12582#issuecomment-1944824694) asking about it on Slack and that was the primary reason I had mentioned my docs PR on [the contributors channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C0510EUH90V/p1708533114288009).
So user behavior means this is 100% needed

You can stop the execution of new workflows from a `CronWorkflow` based on the number of previous successes or failures. The spec field `stopStrategy` accepts a `condition` which is an [expression](variables.md#expression) that stops triggering new workflows when it evaluates to true.

Keywords allowed for stopping conditions are `failed` and `succeeded`:

- `failed` - counts how many times the child workflows failed
- `succeeded` - counts how many times the child workflows succeeded

For example, if you want a workflow to be executed only once you can define the spec as:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  condition: "succeeded >= 1"
```

You can also stop scheduling new workflows after three failures with:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  condition: "failed >= 3"
```

> **NOTE:** Depending on the time it takes to schedule and run a workflow, it is possible that the total number of executions of a `CronWorkflow` is higher than the configured max executions. For example, if you configure the `CronWorkflow` to execute every minute with a stopping condition: `succeeded >= 1` and the `Workflow` executes in 90 seconds, the `CronWorkflow` will be completed with 2 executions, because when the stopping condition is achieved, there is another workflow running and the controller is not canceling active workflows. For that reason, it is advisable to have conditions like `succeeded  >= 1` instead of `succeeded == 1`.

Reviewer 2: This should use a material admonition (see also #12561), and really should be a warning as it's pretty important.

```suggestion
!!! Warning Scheduling vs. Completions
     Depending on the time it takes to schedule and run a workflow, the number of completions can exceed the configured maximum.
     
     For example, say you configure a `CronWorkflow` to schedule every minute (`* * * * *`) and stop after one success (`succeeded >= 1`).
     If the `Workflow` takes 90 seconds to run, the `CronWorkflow` will actually stop after two completions.
     This is because when the stopping condition is achieved, there is _already_ another `Workflow` running.
     For that reason, prefer conditions like `succeeded  >= 1` over `succeeded == 1`.
```
- prefer 1 sentence per line of markdown, per [style guide](https://argo-workflows.readthedocs.io/en/latest/doc-changes/).
- simpler and more direct, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)
  - "it is possible that the total" can be simplified
  - "is higher than" -> "exceed", "max executions" -> "maximum"
  
- be consistent with terminology and numerics
  - "schedule" over "execute", same as above (and [previous suggestions](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12305#discussion_r1501842596))
  - "executions" -> "completions" -- as "complete" is an existing term the docs already use
  - "will be completed" -> "will stop" -- as this is `stopStrategy` and this section is on "stopping"
  - show both the condition and schedule in their respective YAML notation
  - "two" instead of "2" as you have "three" and "one" previously
  - "`Workflow`" to be consistent with in this note
  
- re-word the last sentence for simplicity and active voice, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice)

- "the controller" is an architectural implementation detail that doesn't need to be stated here. that running workflows are not cancelled is also implied by the very nature of this note, so I don't think that's necessary either.

    |            | 2        | 2020-11-02 02:01:00 -0800 PST |
    |            | 3        | 2020-11-03 02:01:00 -0800 PST |

### Automatically Stopping a `CronWorkflow`

> v3.6 and after

You can configure a `CronWorkflow` to automatically stop based on an [expression](variables.md#expression) with `stopStrategy.condition`.

You can use the variables `failed` and `succeeded`.

For example, if you want to stop scheduling new workflows after a successful child `Workflow`, you can define the spec as:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  condition: "succeeded >= 1"
```

You can also stop scheduling new workflows after three failures with:

```yaml
stopStrategy:
  condition: "failed >= 3"
```

!!! Warning "Scheduling vs. Completions"
    Depending on the time it takes to schedule and run a workflow, the number of completions can exceed the configured maximum.

>     For example, if you configure the `CronWorkflow` to schedule every minute (`* * * * *`) and stop after one success (`succeeded >= 1`).

Reviewer 2: Ah I see, it renders fine (see screenshot below), but fails `markdownlint`. We can disable that error for this section.

![Screenshot 2024-06-23 at 6 34 58 PM](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/assets/4970083/a93534b0-0173-4dba-9829-03324afc2a92)

>     For example, if you configure the `CronWorkflow` to schedule every minute (`* * * * *`) and stop after one success (`succeeded >= 1`).

Reviewer 2: updated that myself in https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12696/commits/430b4874dd2b57d944514b0798ce7fb3bad10ae0
